guys welcome back to our channel so
today I'm going to do a wig tutorial for
you guys I had this wig for just like a
week or so and I haven't worn it yet so
I'm this week i'm reviewing we're having
a tutorial on will be on I'm water lily
and it is by a model model equal band
full cap you can see and there is the
picture and I got it in a number two
okay elastic band for a comfortable fit
double column for secure hope and you
can curl it on safe up to 400 right
there okay oh right guys so I am back do
you see it do you see do you see it yes
giving me life okay so let's go on to
the specs ok so after styling this hair
I did experience machete I'm not gonna
lie I don't know whether little hairball
went but I did experience some shading
I'm not gonna lie it's going to but
other than that do you see this step
baby ok so I just went to though you
know the smooth counter bang over to my
left side I don't have the skin top
showing as much but it's probably
showing a little bit now you do have to
try this hair because if you put it to
the other side of course it's going to
have the little hump that they'll heal
right there and that's just disgusting
looking so you do have to try in his
hair do not be afraid to brush and comb
this hair and Finkelman do not be afraid
I brush this kung using mywi um my awake
home my wig brush sorry and I just did
the little you know curls going to the
back this hair is our say 20
to 24 inches it stops right there and I
am 5 10 so this is launa love me here's
a side view another side you and here's
the back i push all the hair to the
front hi
oh right and it does have a
natural-looking shine to it I didn't put
anything any products anything like that
I didn't cut anything this hair comes
layered already okay so I did kind of
the style that you know that is on the
lady on the picture but her hair is more
loose and I basically have it mine more
tame okay because I don't want this
going all over the place so this is more
of a tame curl back look that I have one
on here the ends are pretty pretty good
you do have to maintain keeping your
ends good-looking because those be the
first ones to look all raggedy and stuff
and that's no no ok so once again this
is water lily okay like I said she has a
columns in the front one comment in
front of I'm coming back I did not have
to use any bobby pins this wig fits slow
ok like this way then going away it's
not even shifting well little issue but
um other than that if you feel more safe
and secure with your bobby pins and go
right ahead and use your bobby pins but
for right now baby I'm gonna get in
trouble um and you can't since this is a
full cap wig um you can push you back a
little bit and just pull out some of
your baby here you know or some of your
edges just to give it a more natural
look to it you can always do that ok so
that is my you know initial tutorial
review on this hair if you want me to
give a full review on this week
after I where'd a couple of times after
a week or so two weeks three weeks then
I will just let me know in the comment
section I would leave all the
information as well in the description
info box down below so before you asked
any questions just look down below and
you probably will see all the answers so
once again this is water lily I haven't
heard a number two and it's my motto
motto eco and this is a full cap BAM it
has the caring instructions on the back
how to take care of use your fingers to
come here to avoid frizziness that is a
number one but i use my wig brush just
to brush your throat attainment i'm
always calling bottom of the hair first
and then work your way up so and it can
be a curled up to 400 degrees i do not
curl none of my hair so you don't have
to do that either if you don't feel
comfortable doing that to maintain a
fresh look likely apply or shame or wit
conditioner i do not apply anything to
my hair anymore I used to have a wig
conditioner but that no I would just to
maintain my new fresh looking wig take
it off every night okay don't mess with
all through the day you know put it on
your wig head put on weed head hanging
up call it a day put it back on next day
figure out if that nope just maintain it
don't play with a lot put it on go to
work come on to go that's it yes it does
I'll ok so yes baby we do you see this
oh so thank you guys for watching the
video um if you have any questions like
I said leave them down below in the
comment section and I will see you guys
in the next
video by